Fix the integration test for helm_registry_auth with helm >= 3.18.0 and clarify idempotency. (#946)
ansible-collections/kubernetes.core: docs/kubernetes.core.helm_registry_auth_module.rst

                        <div>Desired state of the registry.</div>
                        <div>If set to V(present) attempt to log in to the remote registry server using the URL specified in O(host).</div>
                        <div>If set to V(absent) attempt to log out from the remote registry server using the URL specified in O(host).</div>

>                         <div>As helm &gt;= 2.18.0 resports sucessfull logout even if the user is not logged in, this module will report a change regardless of the current state.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        <div>As helm &gt;= 2.18.0 reports successful logout even if the user is not logged in, this module will report a change regardless of the current state.</div>
```
